Create ui-c8y-1021-3-0-added-grid-to-the-device-profiles-list.md (#2639)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-3-0-added-grid-to-the-device-profiles-list.md

---
date: ""

> title: Device profiles list now shows a grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device profiles list migrated to grid view
```

> title: Added grid to the device profiles list.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Device profiles list now shows a grid
```

> title: Device profiles list migrated to grid view

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device profiles list now displayed as a grid
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3766
version: 1021.3.0
---

> Added grid to the device profiles list.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To provide a better overview of the device profiles, a grid has been added to the device profiles list in the UI. The grid shows additional properties of the device profiles such as the manufacturer or model which were not visible in the list before. This change makes it easier for users to find and manage specific device profiles without having to open the details of each device profile.
```

> To provide a better overview of the device profiles, a grid has been added to the device profiles list in the UI. The grid shows additional properties of the device profiles such as the manufacturer or model which were not visible in the list before. This change makes it easier for users to find and manage specific device profiles without having to open the details of each device profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device profiles view has been migrated to a data grid. The data grid provides a more modern and user-friendly way to view and manage device profile items compared to the previous list view. The data grid offers enhanced features such as sorting, filtering, and pagination, making it easier to find and work with specific items.
```
